Coding challenge for Java Senior Developers

This application consists of the following:

* model - A library with some model definitions as well as entity
  objects to handle users and orders (just the interfaces)
* model-ram - A RAM-based implementation of the models, using Lists and Maps.
* service - A REST-based service to submit orders and query them.

The project is built with Java 15.

You can build the whole project with Gradle, and you can create the necessary
files for editing it with IDEA just by typing `./gradlew idea`. If you prefer
Eclipse then you can run `./gradlew eclipse` and it will create the necessary
`.classpath` and `.project` files.

If you prefer Maven, you can run the command `./gradlew poms` to generate POM
files; these will be useful for compiling the project but they won't run
the tests, you will need to manually add the GMavenPlus plugin, or you can
simply run the tests from Gradle with `./gradlew test`.

Please provide any instructions you consider to help the reviewer.

THE CHALLENGE

The challenge consists of completing as many of the following steps as possible:

1. Init the project as a Git repo. Please do not share this challenge in public
   Git services such as GitHub, GitLab or BitBucket. Please use Git to track
   your changes and to help the reviewer follow your progress and thought process.
2. Implement the `findOrdersForBook` method in the OrderModel implementation.
   After this, the service tests should pass.
3. The query endpoint in the OrderController is wrong: it only receives one
   currency and it should receive two (major and minor). Modify the endpoint
   and all necessary components accordingly. You will need to modify the
   corresponding test as well.
4. Create a new library named model-db, and implement the order and user
   model interfaces using the relational database of your choosing.
   Feel free to use the tech stack you are most comfortable with.
   The goal is to replace the model-ram library in the service with
   your own, so that the service can now use persistent storage.
5. In case you haven't noticed, there's no authentication... you need
   to add an authentication scheme to some of the endpoints to achieve
   the following:
   5.1. Submitting an order cannot be done on behalf of someone else
   5.2. A user can only query their own orders
   5.3. A user can query any order by ID but if it wasn't submitted by
        them then the userId must be deleted from the result
   5.4. Querying books is a public method but the userID's need to be
        anonymized.
6. Now that you have familiarized yourself with this small codebase,
   did you notice any design flaws? Would you change anything, and why?

Please initialize the directory with the challenge as a git repo so you can
commit your changes as you go along. This will help you go back in case you
mess things up badly, and it will also help us look at your progress in
chronological order.

The expected minimum is that you complete steps 1, 2 and 3 correctly, then
either step 4 or step 5 (of course, if you can solve both that's a big extra)
to the best of your abilities, and give us your feedback on step 6.

Please submit the solved challenge via email, in a zipped file similar
to how you received it. Please do not upload your solution to a public
service such as github, bitbucket, gitlab, etc.
